Oh
now we are continually discovering that
they're very little that you can't cook
in a barbecue take thai food princes and
what springs to mind of those wonderful
green curries and fragrant rice a far
cry it would seem from the traditional
barbecue but there's some amazingly
strong links and the ties have developed
some intriguing ways of cooking over the
coals all this seared and off make you
angry and there comes more breakfast
in saudi club ah breakfast lovely even
something as simple as an egg but slowly
over a barbie and no coals and a
portable one up there and tell
fantastic
you Bob
fast food is big business here I one of
their most popular snack soo saartay
accompanied with mouth-watering dicks
and ceases now here's a fit all counties
are bursting with the flavors of
Thailand that you can so easily do back
home very good what I'm going to make
you is some type on Saturday it really
is quite delicious and first I'm going
to show you how to make the marinade to
go with those tiger prawns all you need
to do is to take one lemon grass there
you can see that one stick of lemongrass
I finely chopped that up all of that
goes into my bowl and on top that I'm
going to add two cloves of garlic nicely
chopped cloves of garlic there and then
I'm gonna take some coconut creek six
tablespoons of coconut cream and pour
that inside our Bowl they're all the
higher therefore the better the drawer
do that ivy and then I'm going to take
six tablespoons of soy sauce all that
goes in to create that lovely sort of
cappuccino look about it quite
delightful I've got about a tablespoon
bit of palm sugar now you can't get palm
sugar use muscovado sugar it's equally
as good all of that goes inside
any want the zest and juice of a lime so
you start zesting mm-hmm zesting or get
all that lovely zester going in there
look at that mmm the smell of fresh
limes in Thailand is fantastic Oh
gorgeous and the juice i would just
split that open like that squeeze that
in there like that really give that a
good squeeze work that inside absolutely
lovely and the other half there it all
goes in there like that Oh beautiful
give that a little bit of a twirl mix
that around and then oh poor that on top
of your already peeled prawns and let
them marinate about 15 minutes will do
to leave them a little bit longer if you
like and then you skewer them up you
should take your skewer there which I've
soaked in water so when you put it on
the barbecue it doesn't burn then you
pick up your tiger prawn and give it a
little bit of a twist and then pick up a
nice bit of fresh lime as you can see
I've cut that into nice wages there and
that will just go through that's it to
the other end and pop that into the tail
end there in the tail end like that roll
that up all the way to the other end and
then repeat the process again one juicy
prawn that's it another piece of lime
rolling around like that here it goes
out the other side retract into the tail
end and look at that just take that and
pop that on your barbie there it is look
at that let them cook it and they really
do take seconds but you want to serve
them with something and what I've got
here is delightful dip I've taken the
one cucumber they're small cucumber
chopped that up quite finely one chili
that I've chopped inside there I've
taken a little bit of sugar which I've
mixed with my rice vinegar and just
warmed it's like you can warm another
pot but I just pop mine in the microwave
and that will infuse all those lovely
flavours some roasted peanuts use
ordinary peanuts if you want to give
that a bit of a shake again let us soak
up all those lovely flavours and serve
that with your prawns time to turn them
over there we go look half cooked
already quite delightful yeah looking
amazing mmm and another minute and
they're done now just pile some of that
lovely dip on top of your prawns and
wait for those flavors to blow
in your mouth just look hmm he's so good
you
I've just got myself some fresh red
snapper and I'm going to show you how to
do something amazing with them on the
barbie
snapper is perfect for this recipe which
truly captures the traditional taste of
southern Thailand you can use Redman it
in tilapia see me first of all / the
fish die annually the gold sharp knife
don't be coy about it give it a good
deep cut because you're going to fill
each slice with fantastic spicy
concoctions then you'll need one lime
three cloves of garlic bunch of spring
onions finely slice the lime the garlic
chopped the spring onions next on the
agenda Thai red curry paste it's really
associated with that it works equally
well with fish makes a good dollop of
app with an other title acid coconut
milk the two together tenderized
perfectly
blend them well and then carefully push
the mixture into the slits what's left
over is spread over the fish
next simply pop your lime slice into the
slits and then sprinkle over all your
other fresh ingredients
you
now wrap your snap in a banana leaf or
heavy duty for just in case you haven't
got banana trulia vet goal and then
secure the cocktails
put the fish passed on the barbie over
medium hot coals for about 15 to 20
minutes turning halfway through the
cooking time
now carefully unwrapped your parcel and
then get ready for something pretty
amazing a riot of fantastic flavors
you
e
but it here in Bangkok with the action
really hots up to the gills of the tenth
of the country's 55 million population
the city chuckles its ancient heritage
to the pulsating demands of 20th century
life
you
it drops with a cacophony of color and
relentless energy that just muscles
around the clock
my moments
and in these teeming streets at night
your every centers assorted time and
time again tease tickled and tempted
they just love to Barbie they mix and
match all the time creating new and
intriguing flavors and you can't get
more flamboyant than when they're
knocking up a pad thai Thailand's answer
to fish and chips par as you simply
known it's the acknowledged champion of
Bangkok
yes
oh look at that didn't that look
beautiful sensational for a better title
so exciting on the palate that's
delicious and so simple to make I'm
gonna show you how slap on your walk
down there add a little bit look at that
I'm just pouring in a little bit your
vegetable oil there you can use your
ground nut oil if you want that goes
inside there let's take a cut of the old
to lock a few of those look at that
beautiful color ah thinking there is
that a little bit of stir around our
delight I'm gonna take my lovely shrinks
here just take few of those pop a few of
those in here look at that few of those
things going in there flying that off
quite beautiful a little bit of my
hunting trated fish stock here it's like
all those shells that you get on with
the prawns you know you peel them off
all you do is take that put it down in a
pan there cook it down with some onion
and you get that lovely concentrated
stop ahead everything goes in there
right off absolutely lovely and then
we're gonna add our noodles and what
noodles look at these ah although that
goes inside delightful stirring that
around there and then we're going to add
touch of stock you could use chicken
stock or vegetable stock if you wanted
to and just throw a little bit of that
in there there you go absolutely lovely
all of that just cuts that down quite
magnificent now i'm gonna add some
lovely garlic chives just look at those
Oh
on a roamer attached name a handful of
that goes in we've got a few beam shoots
should pop that in there now Oh give
that a bit of a stir around delightful
now I'm going to add a little bit of
tofu you know that tofu you get a little
bit of tofu just sprinkle that in there
a bit of some nice dried shrimp look at
those beautiful Drive flip you can fire
your little deli down the road and here
I've got some sweet and salted radish
now you can't get this at home all you
got to do is grate up a little bit of a
carrot and pop that inside mix that
around there are absolutely lovely here
we go i limp it up the old fish stock
there a little bit of it that's like a
fish essence you just take that in there
like that and of course some nice rice
vinegar after your shaped in there like
that absolutely beautiful just cooking
that back now that's a little bit more
of a stock Oh delightful take a bit of
sugar very important to add your sugar
living at just sprinkle you're shooting
and a touch just a pinch their of some
nice chili flakes all of that goes
inside isn't that lovely just pull that
to one side and now we're gonna make our
homeless quite simple there you go eat
that up there a little bit of oil going
in there and there's my eggs whoa hey
there you go swim that around there like
that absolutely lovely taking some of
our palms few of the prawns they're
lining that on the bottom getting some
of that out oh look at that a color of
that and everything sensational in the
middle that goes there like that that's
it a little bit of a line there just
flicking that over picking that up all
the way there look at that quite superb
oh yeah yes indeed ah you taste taste
par I'm a happy man
Thailand is a cook's paradise a culinary
Garden of Eden you might say it's
blessed with a natural habitat that's
lush with exotic fruit and produce which
you could buy here at the floating
market quite frankly it's a bit of a
tourist trap
if you're really in the know this is
where you'll come to the chatuchak
market right here in the heart of
Bangkok you'll find the best produce
available no wonder attracts all the
locals and the good shifts it really is
awash with color and if let your
imagination and curiosity run wild now
the secret of Thai cooking is the
freshest of ingredients only the best
will do and in every self-respecting
market now quickly whipped up into
extraordinary dishes the shoppers to
enjoy a veritable barbecue bonanza I
thought you'd notice that that's Dorian
the smelliest fruit in the world in fact
it's banned from all hotels worldwide
the reason why because it lutely stinks
for come on
now would you believe they're over 30
varieties of bananas here in Thailand
must be something to do with that
beautiful sunshine why they taste so
magnificent mmm and smell wonderful too
but if you've got Ben arms at home you
can slap them on your barbecue let them
sizzle up to that lovely charcoal dee
brown and split them open drizzle in
some cream or if you like melt down a
mars bar in your microwave and pour that
inside it's sensational just like the
bananas of Bangkok
this is tamarind it comes in two
varieties sweet or sour the sour variety
uses a base to go into your BBQ meat or
fishes this is the sweet one and open it
you just crack the top there and we've
got that lovely sweet sour sausage unto
thee which is a wonderful to eat you yes
you can buy for home but it's coated in
sugar and it comes like this and
slightly smaller bags
come
now this is mangosteen the queen of the
thai fruit inside here you have a nice
white soft flesh but when it gets inside
your mouth explodes with a nice creamy
sherbet place no good no good in
so what am I looking for my kick number
one you know what this one man defense
should be powerful and stuff and they
should have no yellow spot this one's
got yellow spot it's not good inside so
we take this one we use your palm you
break them
try something oh look at that that's
what I was imperative now you can get
these are your super box at home the
exotic fruit counter and it really is
worth waiting for in your shirt if we go
to get the stain out ah but the flavor
is wonderful delightful well thank you
very much thank you well I couldn't be
in better hands Hong Kong has families
fighting over her services as a cook and
mrs. Barbier has her own cookery show on
TV check our window and prior well I
find fascinating is that there's no
price on anything why is that well you
just have to bargain you just log in and
bog until you get the last price all
right you have to be persistent
how do that goes on here makes Wall
Street look tame the secret I'm told is
to ask for a price than both of ten
percent less but mind you stand your
ground and don't go too low otherwise
they'll tell you a sling York
having got market tactics sorted it was
off to be taught a trick or two by Kong
crayon who's been a cook for 28 years
she's going to make me Tom Kha gai 32
stories high we've got to make them come
back Tom Kha gai an exquisite chicken
dish which begins with a mixture of
fragrant ingredients galangal which is a
bit like root ginger but a little bit
more citrusy and lemongrass parsley
chopped you can buy both quite easily
now in supermarkets either separately or
incest is containing a mixture of fresh
Thai spices these are popped into a
pestle and mortar along with some
chopped garlic and shallots and worked
into a paste along with shrimp paste a
little sugar and salt
and some chilies birdseye this case
which are very very hot but you could
use a martyr chili it takes a bit of
elbow grease to get this ground down
which is fine if you fancy a quick
workout but there's nothing wrong with
using the food processor either the
larson-green to make your paste nice and
smooth is some fresh lime juice Tom car
guy like most I favorites is cooked in a
wok stuck straight onto the barbie the
base of the sauce is coconut milk which
is heated through before the paste is
headed to release the most heavenly of
aromas which makes a rich stock in which
to cook your chicken or meat
a few more slices of Kalin down a couple
of tablespoons of fish sauce again no
problem get these in your supermarket
and a few more chilies for our we're
talking serious business here and of
course a little bit of sour tamarind
horny tamarind paste will do if
you can't get the real tamarind seed
finally some kaffir lime leaves fresh or
dried and some more chopped lemongrass
and you're ready 40 steamboat this
steamboat is yet another clever tie up
reputation of the barbecue fill the
central funnel with hot coals pouring
the Tong car and you have a dish that
stays at the perfect temperature as well
as a visually stunning table centerpiece
you can get them at home if not dig out
your old fondue set that's what I say
you could also add some noodles you've
got been shoot we've got greens anything
you'd like we've also got some
delightful Satyam ago are they ready
window uh-huh I've got a wonderful toy
company and most of all I've got this
spectacular ty scenery I'm a happy man
I
from Bangkok north to Chiang Mai for
seven centuries that capital the kingdom
of the million rice fields
it said that it was here that the first
rice in the world was cultivated it
dominates tightly and remains the
country's largest export there aren't
told they hang on to the best for
themselves and who can blame them
the further north you go the more robust
the food becomes and you can't get more
authentic than Allahu hill tribe who
invited me for a traditional feast once
nomadic people they now live in a
village a stone's throw from the Burmese
border
ok
I was quite happy to be kidnapped while
the LA whose head cut me out got to
grips with the feast first meow made a
rather ambitious Lee named waterfall
beef tender flits of beef marinated in
pineapple juice and barbecued it gets
his name from the juices cascading well
dripping actually onto the open fire
when it's cooked it's slice finely and
turned into a spectacular salad the
chopped shallots lime juice ginger
powder and loads of chili a little bit
of sugar and a pinch of salt plenty of
chopped coriander fine green beans and
the whole lot served on a bed of lovely
salad leaves garnish with some crisp
green beans and sprigs of fresh meat Oh
gorgeous
another BBQ speciality in this part of
Thailand is chicken split open and
flavored with a fragrant paste of garlic
lemongrass Kalin girl and chem the core
space goes into the cavity and is then
rubbed all over the meat along with a
sprinkling of ground coriander and some
wonderful sizes
flattened out or spatchcock chicken is
then tied to a split bamboo cane before
going on to the Barbie it's a great way
to barb to a whole chicken because helps
more evening and more people eating
after all our antics it was time for me
and the tribe to get back to the feast
and we were just in time for the
spatchcock chicken well I just look at
that crisp golden fragrant and perfectly
cooked just as well cuz we were all
starving
it's that you don't get parties like
this in my back garden and add for the
waterfall beef up its sensational had a
bit peppery to our is a bit heavy
of the chili they use pineapple juice
fresh pineapple juice which is a great
tip to tenderize the beef before they
Barbier Oh sensational my contribution
to this piece is my barbecued fruit
parcel it's so easy to do and you can
use any combination of fruit that you've
got at home here I've got some green
mango there a couple pieces of the old
papaya a vibrant color here a few pieces
of banana it's so good I've got Apple
going inside red apple a bit of Rose
apples that you can get the SPECIAL deli
counter some fresh pineapple and that
lovely passion fruit look at that look
at the size of that just squeeze that on
their guard in Diego and in here I've
got some equal quantities like a sugar
syrup equal quantities sugar and water
reduce down such lovely and therapy then
to infuse it as it comes off the stove
I've added sprinters of lemongrass and
slices of ginger and just drizzle that
on top oh just give that a little bit of
a twist there and pop that on the embers
of my Barbie that needs literally and
their of a few minutes to infuse all
those wonderful flavors
I've got a fabulous tip for you once
you've opened up your parcel their warm
up your favorite bit of lick your in a
saucepan on the barbie that's it i'm
using a touch of your local stuff we go
that's lovely and then just light it up
God come on kick in there look at that a
little bit of clam Bay going and that
little precipice pour it on top of your
food parcel meal I have so much enjoyed
the feast and this is my present to you
yeah
you